fs: improve mode and flags validation (#27044)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

* `path` {string|Buffer|URL}
* `options` {Object}
  * `emfileWait` {integer} If an `EMFILE` error is encountered, Node.js will
    retry the operation with a linear backoff of 1ms longer on each try until
    the timeout duration passes this limit. This option is ignored if the
    `recursive` option is not `true`. **Default:** `1000`.
  * `maxBusyTries` {integer} If an `EBUSY`, `ENOTEMPTY`, or `EPERM` error is
    encountered, Node.js will retry the operation with a linear backoff wait of

>     100ms longer on each try. This option represents the number of retries. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    100 ms longer on each try. This option represents the number of retries. This
```

* `path` {string|Buffer|URL}
* `options` {Object}
  * `emfileWait` {integer} If an `EMFILE` error is encountered, Node.js will
    retry the operation with a linear backoff of 1ms longer on each try until
    the timeout duration passes this limit. This option is ignored if the
    `recursive` option is not `true`. **Default:** `1000`.
  * `maxBusyTries` {integer} If an `EBUSY`, `ENOTEMPTY`, or `EPERM` error is
    encountered, Node.js will retry the operation with a linear backoff wait of

>     100ms longer on each try. This option represents the number of retries. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    100 ms longer on each try. This option represents the number of retries. This
```
